add general debugging guide (#395)
nitrictech/docs: docs/guides/debugging.md

---
title: Debugging with Nitric
description: Experience real-time updates, API exploration, and schedule debugging in Nitric's local development dashboard.
---

Debugging is a critical skill for any developer, as it allows them to identify and fix errors in their code. Without debugging, developers would be unable to troubleshoot issues and improve the performance and functionality of their applications.

Fortunately, Nitric provides a powerful solution for debugging that can be used with a wide range of programming languages and code editors. By leveraging the Nitric local dashboard, developers can quickly and easily identify issues in their code and use their favorite language debugger and code editor to make the necessary fixes. This streamlined process can save developers time and frustration, allowing them to focus on building high-quality applications that meet the needs of their users.

> Here's a quick video demonstrating how to use Nitric's local dashboard for debugging with VSCode:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's a quick video demonstrating how to use Nitric's local dashboard for debugging with VS Code:
```
